Extend warning in Set-Cookie article (#34826)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/set-cookie/index.md

> [!WARNING]
> Browsers block frontend JavaScript code from accessing the `Set-Cookie` header, as required by the Fetch spec, which defines `Set-Cookie` as a [forbidden response-header name](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#forbidden-response-header-name) that [must be filtered out](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-forbidden-response-header-name%E2%91%A0) from any response exposed to frontend code.
>

> > When a [Fetch API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) or [XMLHttpRequest API](en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) request [uses CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#what_requests_use_cors), browsers will ignore `Set-Cookie` headers present in the server's response unless the request includes credentials. Visit [Using the Fetch API - Including credentials](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#including_credentials) and the [XMLHttpRequest article](en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) to learn how to include credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When a [Fetch API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) or [XMLHttpRequest API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) request [uses CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#what_requests_use_cors), browsers will ignore `Set-Cookie` headers present in the server's response unless the request includes credentials. Visit [Using the Fetch API - Including credentials](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#including_credentials) and the [XMLHttpRequest article](/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) to learn how to include credentials.
```

Reviewer: Minor one for missing `/` in internal URLs

> **Warning:** Browsers block frontend JavaScript code from accessing the `Set-Cookie` header, as required by the Fetch spec, which defines `Set-Cookie` as a [forbidden response-header name](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#forbidden-response-header-name) that [must be filtered out](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-forbidden-response-header-name%E2%91%A0) from any response exposed to frontend code.
>

> > When a request [uses CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#what_requests_use_cors), [browsers will ignore `Set-Cookie` headers](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#cors-protocol-examples) present in the server's response unless the request has a value of `'include'` set for the `credentials` property of the {{domxref("RequestInit")}} object passed as the `options` argument to the {{domxref("Request.Request","Request()")}} constructor. See also section [4.6, #15](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#http-network-fetch) of the [Fetch Living Standard](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/), and [Using the Fetch API - Including credentials](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#including_credentials) for more guidance.

Reviewer 2: Fly by comment, - perhaps make it clear this is a fetch request.

```suggestion
> When a [Fetch API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) request [uses CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#what_requests_use_cors), [browsers will ignore `Set-Cookie` headers](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#cors-protocol-examples) present in the server's response unless the request has a value of `'include'` set for the `credentials` property of the {{domxref("RequestInit")}} object passed as the `options` argument to the {{domxref("Request.Request","Request()")}} constructor. See also section [4.6, #15](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#http-network-fetch) of the [Fetch Living Standard](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/), and [Using the Fetch API - Including credentials](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#including_credentials) for more guidance.
```

Author: > Fly by comment, - perhaps make it clear this is a fetch request.

You raise a valid point. I'm trying to be brief, but the problem [exists with XmlHttpRequest as well](https://xhr.spec.whatwg.org/#the-withcredentials-attribute). This makes the issue apply to a variety of http client libraries too, along with jquery ajax requests.
Could it be more reasonable to remove the mentions of concrete methods here and address the credentials issue in more generic terms, linking to the relevant documentation more towards the end? I also suggest a more convenient link for the fetch spec, as well as removing the "for more guidance" final part, which is what this documentation does, not the standards. Something like:

```suggestion
> When a [Fetch API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) or [XMLHttpRequest API](en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) request [uses CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#what_requests_use_cors), browsers will ignore `Set-Cookie` headers present in the server's response unless the request includes credentials. Visit  [Using the Fetch API - Including credentials](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#including_credentials) and the [XMLHttpRequest article](en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) to learn how to include credentials. See also the [credentials mode section](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-request-credentials-mode) of the [Fetch Living Standard](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/), and [the withCredentials attribute](https://xhr.spec.whatwg.org/#the-withcredentials-attribute) of the [XMLHttpRequest Living Standard](https://xhr.spec.whatwg.org/).
```

Reviewer 2: I'm OK with forward linking, but we should not link to the specs. The spec wording is often designed for browser authors not developers, which is why MDN exists.

Reviewer 2: Note, I have only made fly by comment, which means that I haven't fully reviewed or tested this. Don't have bandwidth for the next couple of weeks.

Author: > I'm OK with forward linking, but we should not link to the specs. The spec wording is often designed for browser authors not developers, which is why MDN exists.

I wouldn't presume to demand your time, and will keep watch until you have the opportunity to take a look at it. As for linking the specs, I was under the impression it was good practice, as there are already links to them in this same warning text bubble. But from my perspective, I find it easier to read without the spec links, and the issues I faced would have been prevented without them anyway, since the remaining linked pages have the topic pretty much covered already. The problem here isn't complexity, it's that I couldn't find any information about this anywhere else. I'll leave the suggested change below until it can be reviewed. The links to the specs in my previous suggestion should make the review process relatively painless when it happens.

```suggestion
> When a [Fetch API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) or [XMLHttpRequest API](en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) request [uses CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS#what_requests_use_cors), browsers will ignore `Set-Cookie` headers present in the server's response unless the request includes credentials. Visit  [Using the Fetch API - Including credentials](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch#including_credentials) and the [XMLHttpRequest article](en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest_API) to learn how to include credentials.
```

Reviewer: This looks good to me, thank you! I will apply the latest suggestion
